Let's go from zero to the trader in 30
days. If you want to speed up the
process once you have your back testing
and the execution platform, you need
data. We will start with only row volume
and price data. Yet, it is important
deciding which data provider to use.
There is many data providers you can
choose from natively connected to multi
charts and the choice of the data
provider mainly depends on the
instrument that you want to trade. For
example, if you want to trade futures, a
good choice is at your feet. If you want
to trade cryptos, a good choice might be
Binance. However, make sure that you
choose another provider which has good
historical and live data and establish a
connection with multi charts.